## Tremfya (guselkumab) ## Coverage Policy | Policy Title: Clinical Review Criteria for Tremfya (guselkumab) | Effective Date: 1/1/2018 | | | | | Policy Number: PS645POLcm | Revision Date: 6/17/2025 | | Lines of Business: Commercial | Lines of Business: Commercial | ## HNE Approved Indications for use Tremfya (guselkumab) is an interleukin-23 blocker indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: - Moderate -to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy - Active psoriatic arthritis - Moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis - Moderately to severely active Crohn's disease The following criteria must be met for coverage of Tremfya (guselkumab): ## Criteria for coverage: ## Plaque Psoriasis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a dermatologist AND - Diagnosis of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis involving ≥10% of body surface area AND - Member has had a minimum duration of a 4-week trial and failure, or intolerance to ONE of the following topical therapies or contraindication to ALL of them: - o Corticosteroids - o Vitamin D analogs - o Tazarotene - o Calcineurin inhibitors - o Anthralin - o Coal tar AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF-inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non-biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), upadacitinib (Rinvoq), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant)] ## Psoriatic Arthritis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a dermatologist or rheumatologist AND - Diagnosis of active psoriatic arthritis AND ## Tremfya (guselkumab) Coverage Policy - Member must be intolerant or failed a trial of at least ONE (1) of the following: a DMARD (i.e., methotrexate, sulfasalazine, hydroxychloroquine, aurothioglucose, auranofin, gold sodium thiomalate, azathioprine, d-penicillamine, cyclosporine, leflunomide AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF -inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non -biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), upadacitinib (Rinvoq), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant)] ## Ulcerative colitis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a gastroenterologist AND - Diagnosis of moderate to severe ulcerative colitis AND - Member has tried and failed or was intolerant to at least ONE of the following conventional therapies or has a contraindication to ALL of the following: - o 6 -mercaptopurine OR - o An aminosalicylate (e.g. mesalamine, olsalazine, sulfasalazine) OR - o Azathioprine OR - o an oral corticosteroid (e.g. prednisone) AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF -inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non -biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), ixekizumab (Taltz), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), golimumab (Simponi/Simponi Aria), baricitinib (Olumiant), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR)] ## Crohn's disease - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a gastroenterologist AND - Diagnosis of moderate to severe Crohn's disease AND - Member has tried and failed or was intolerant to at least ONE of the following conventional therapies or has a contraindication to ALL of the following: - o 6 -mercaptopurine OR - o Azathioprine OR - o an oral corticosteroid (e.g. prednisone) OR - o methotrexate AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF -inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non -biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), ixekizumab (Taltz), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab ## Tremfya (guselkumab) Coverage Policy (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), golimumab (Simponi/Simponi Aria), baricitinib (Olumiant), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR)] ## Criteria for continuation of therapy: ## Plaque Psoriasis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a dermatologist AND - Diagnosis of plaque psoriasis AND - Documentation of positive clinical response to Tremfya therapy (e.g., labs, sign/symptom reduction, no disease progression, no significant toxicity) AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF-inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non-biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), upadacitinib (Rinvoq), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant)] ## Psoriatic Arthritis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a dermatologist or rheumatologist AND - Diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis AND - Documentation of positive clinical response to Tremfya therapy (e.g., labs, sign/symptom reduction, no disease progression, no significant toxicity) AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF-inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non-biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), upadacitinib (Rinvoq), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant) ## Ulcerative colitis - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a gastroenterologist AND - Diagnosis of ulcerative colitis AND - Member demonstrated a clinical response to therapy AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF-inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non-biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), golimumab (Simponi), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant)] ## Crohn's disease - Member is ≥18 years of age AND - Prescribed by or in consultation with a gastroenterologist AND - Diagnosis of moderate to severe Crohn's disease AND - Member demonstrated a clinical response to therapy AND - Member is not on concurrent treatment with a TNF-inhibitor, biologic response modifier or other non-biologic agent [for example (list not all inclusive): abatacept (Orencia), adalimumab (Humira), adalimumab-atto (Amjevita), golimumab (Simponi), certolizumab (Cimzia), etanercept (Enbrel) infliximab (Remicade), rituximab (Rituxan), apremilast (Otezla), ustekinumab (Stelara), tocilizumab (Actemra), secukinumab (Cosentyx), sarilumab (Kevzara), natalizumab (Tysabri), tofacitinib (Xeljanz or Xeljanz XR), baricitinib (Olumiant)] ## Dosing recommendations: ## Plaque psoriasis - The recommended dose is 100 mg at Week 0, Week 4, and every 8 weeks thereafter. - Available as a prefilled syringe or one-press patient controlled injector ## Psoriatic arthritis - The recommended dose is 100 mg at Week 0, Week 4, and every 8 weeks thereafter. ## Ulcerative colitis - Induction: 200 mg administered by intravenous infusion over at least one hour at Week 0, Week 4, and Week 8 - Maintenance: - o 100 mg administered by subcutaneous injection at Week 16, and every 8 weeks thereafter, or - o 200 mg administered by subcutaneous injection at Week 12, and every 4 weeks thereafter. - o Use the lowest effective recommended dosage to maintain therapeutic response. ## Crohn's disease - Induction: - o 200 mg administered by intravenous infusion over at least one hour at Week 0, Week 4, and Week 8, or - o 400 mg administered by subcutaneous injection (given as two consecutive injections of 200 mg each) at Week 0, Week 4, and Week 8. - Maintenance - o 100 mg administered by subcutaneous injection at Week 16, and every 8 weeks thereafter, or - o 200 mg administered by subcutaneous injection at Week 12, and every 4 weeks thereafter - o Use the lowest effective recommended dosage to maintain therapeutic response. ## Quantity Limits and duration: - Initial therapy: Approve for 6 months, quantity limit: ## Tremfya (guselkumab) Coverage Policy ## References: 1. Tremfya (Prescribing Information). Horsham, PA: Janssen Biotech, Inc; 2025 March. 2. Blauvelt A, Papp KA, Griffiths CE, et al. Efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the continuous treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from the phase III, double-blinded, placebo- and active comparator-controlled VOYAGE 1 trial. J Am Acad Dermatol. 2017;76(3):405-417. 3. Reich K, Armstrong AW, Foley P, et al. Efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, compared with adalimumab for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis with randomized withdrawal and retreatment: results from the phase III, doubleblind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled VOYAGE 2 trial. J Am Acad Dermatol . 2017;76(3):418-431. 4. Hsu S, Papp KA, Lebwohl MG, et al. Consensus guidelines for the management of plaque psoriasis. Arch Dermatol. 2012;148(1):95-102. 5. Furst DE, Keystone EC, So AK, et al. Updated consensus statement on biological agents for the treatment of rheumatic diseases, 2012. Ann Rheum Dis. 2013;72 Suppl 2:ii2-34. 6. Nakamura M, Lee K, Jeon C et al. Guselkumab for the Treatment of Psoriasis: A Review of Phase III Trials. Dermatol Ther (Heidelb). 2017 Jun 21. doi: 10.1007/s13555-017-0187- 0. ## Tremfya (guselkumab) Coverage Policy - o Plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: 100mg strength only: 2/28 for the first month then 1/56 - o Ulcerative Colitis: -  IV: 200 mg vial: 2 for the first month, 1 for month 2 -  Subq: 200mg: 1 inj per month, 100mg: 1 inj every 2 months - o Crohn's disease: -  IV: 200 mg vial: 2 for the first month, 1 for month 2 -  Subq: 200mg: 4 inj for the 1 st month, 2 inj for the 2 nd month, then 1 inj per month, 100mg: 1 inj every 2 months - Continuation of therapy: Approve for 1 year, quantity limit - o Plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: 100mg strength only 1/56 - o Ulcerative Colitis: - o -  Subq: 200mg: 1 inj per month, 100mg: 1 inj every 2 months Crohn's disease: -  Subq: 200mg: 1 inj per month, 100mg: 1 inj every 2 months